Ready? All right, so this is the ABB IRB-1200 robot work cell that we use here in the lab. I'm gonna give a little anatomical overview of the cell, and I'm gonna show how to turn it on, how to jog the robot, and how to connect to the robot on Robot Studio from a computer in the lab. The first thing you wanna pay attention to is this front control panel here. We have four buttons on here. There's the motor on button, the mode switch for changing from automatic to manual, the emergency stop, and the service port. Motor on button is used when in automatic mode to actually enable the motor and let the robot move. It'll be off by default when switching to automatic. Mode switch is used to switch from manual to automatic. Manual mode is for when you wanna control the robot by hand from the FlexPendant, and automatic is for when the robot's gonna be moved through a script running on the controller. The emergency stop, also known as an E-stop, is what you press if anything goes wrong for any reason. If the robot does an unexpected motion, if it's going to collide with the wall of some other equipment or itself, if someone is in harm's way, if the door opens, if anything unexpected or unwanted happens, you press the E-stop, feel it click into place, and to release it, just twist it clockwise until it pops back out. The surface port has a little cover on it that you can flip up, and it is an ethernet port, which can be connected to a computer nearby if you need to hardwire connection to the robot if the network connection is not working for some reason. The FlexPendant down here is what you use to manually control the robot. It just pops right out of its little holder by grabbing it from the top. There are little pins on the back if you would like to use one of those for the touchscreen instead of your finger, but your finger will work just fine. There's another E-stop on the top right of the FlexPendant, same as the one up here. You just click in until you feel it click into place, and to release, you turn it clockwise until it snaps back out. There is also a guard stop on the side of the controller, which you squeeze with your fingers in order to unlock the joints when jogging in manual mode. And the rest of the buttons are a bit self-explanatory for when you're actually operating the robot. There are three access doors to the robot. There is this double door on the front of the cell, which you can access the right half from here. There is a side door on the right side of the cell, which you can access this entire side. And there's another access door on the left side of the cell, so you can access this area. This is typically what we would refer to as the sensor side, because this is where we have all of the sensors set up in the cell. And this is the deburring side, because the deburring wheel is over here. If we swing around the back of the cell, the power switch is back here. So this yellow switch is how we turn the robot on. While it's off, we are able to access this backhand control panel. So if I turn this handle counterclockwise 90 degrees, it unlocks the door, and there's a bunch of connectors and wires we can access back here. So if any connections are not working, that's the way we're going to go. The robot cannot be turned on when the door is open. So in order to turn it on, we have to close the door and lock this again, and now it's ready to be turned on. So now I'm going to turn it on. To do that, I just flick this switch 90 degrees clockwise, and you'll hear it whir up to life. Some lights will typically turn on. We haven't covered right now. And you can hear the controller fans going, and the lights on the front of the cell have turned on, and the flex back end screen is now on and booting up. So it will say that it's starting up with this RobotWare white screen. It typically takes a few minutes to start up. The controller has to load all of the latest controller backup that's on here, and all of the system variables and such. So it takes about three or five minutes, sometimes faster, sometimes slower. I'll show you my silent time. Once this boots up, it typically has a little acknowledgement error that will be on screen. It's going to say something about the force sensor not being set up. Don't worry about it, but it's normal, and it's not going to impact performance in any way. You just press acknowledge, and it'll go away. It's on the finishing stage now, which is the last part of booting up. Sometimes it lingers here for a minute or so. And once that is complete, then we'll be ready to move the robot or use the FlexPendant. It's almost done. There's that error I was talking about. So yes, it's going to say force sensor not set up initially. All you got to do is press acknowledge in the bottom right of the touchscreen. And there we go. It goes away. It's not in the way anymore. This initial screen you're seeing is the production window. This is where you can see the current location of the program pointer in the script that's running in RAPID. Nothing is actually running right now, per se. This is just where it was left from the last time that it ran. So now that the robot's on, we can do some jogging here. First thing I'm going to do is look at my mode switch, and I can see that the keys turn to the left, which is automatic. So I'm going to switch it to manual mode, and the yellow light will turn on up here, and the motor on light will start blinking. Next, I'm going to go on the FlexPendant, and in the top left corner of the screen, there's a three-line dropdown. I'm going to click that. And on the left side, there is jogging with a little icon of a joystick. I'm going to click on that. Jogging is the term used in robotics to indicate moving the robot the way you want. So now that I have it on jogging mode, in order to actually move the robot, I'm going to squeeze the guard stop on the end of the FlexPendant. There we go. You can hear the robot motors click on and unlock when I do that. So if I let go, they lock again, and if I squeeze them again, you can hear them unlock. Now that I have it squeezed, as long as I am squeezing this, I'm going to use the joystick to jog the robot's position. So the first time I go to move it, it's going to give me a little warning. It's going to say, collision avoidance inactive during jogging. This is normal. It's just warning you that it's not necessarily going to stop you from colliding with the set barriers. Press acknowledge, let go of the guard stop, squeeze it again, and now you can move the robot. So you can see that as I move the joystick in different directions, the robot moves accordingly. Depending on what mode you are in for jogging, the bottom right side of the screen will indicate which directions on the joystick will move which axes on the robot. So right now, moving the joystick up and down jogs the X-axis of the robot's position. Moving it left and right jogs the Y-axis, and twisting it clockwise and counterclockwise jogs the Z-axis. So that's all I'm going to do for jogging. The other useful thing you might need to do is connect to the robot on Robot Studio. So here I've just opened a new window of Robot Studio 2022. These steps should be exactly the same for 2023 or 2024. When you open the program, it's going to bring you to the file screen, and you can just switch to the controller tab up here on the ribbon. In the top left corner, there's an add controller drop-down. We're going to click on the drop-down section to make sure we get all these options here, because the default option is one-click connect. That's used for when you're connecting to the service port of the robot, but in this case, we're connecting to the WAN port, so we're going to click add controller, and it should pop up immediately with the 1200 cell, the IP of which is 10.15.74.136. If it doesn't show up immediately, there's a refresh button in the bottom left of this add controller window. You can click that, and it should come up after a minute or two. We're going to click on the robot, and hit OK. It's going to pop up with this login screen window. You do not need to enter a username or password. Just click login as default user, and you can see in the controller tab on the left side of the screen, the robots controller has been added here, and we can now see the RAPID code that's on the robot. This is the main script that runs on the robot, and the pointer is even in the same position. Or if we need to look at the configuration of the robot and its settings, we can check that. If you need to update values, for instance, if I want to update the remote address for a transmission protocol, I can request write access from the robot by clicking this button on the top of the screen. It'll tell me I need to wait for someone to grant me permission from the FlexPendant. And now there's this pop-up on the FlexPendant telling me that this user on this computer in Robot Studio is requesting write access, and I'm just going to click grant, and then I can leave it be. And now I have permission to update whatever values I want. As soon as I'm done, I just hit release write access, and the pop-up on the FlexPendant goes away, and all the changes get saved.